Create rule S6336: Alibaba Cloud AccessKeys should not be disclosed (#224)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6336/description.adoc

AccessKeys are long term credentials designed to authenticate and authorize requests to Alibaba Cloud.

> If your application interacts with Alibaba Cloud then it requires AccessKeys to access all the resources it needs to function properly. Resources that can be accessed depend on the permission granted to the Alibaba Cloud account. These credential may authenticates to the account root user who has unrestricted access to all resources in your Alibaba Cloud account, including billing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application interacts with Alibaba Cloud then it requires AccessKeys to access all the resources it needs to function properly. Resources that can be accessed depend on the permissions granted to the Alibaba Cloud account. These credentials may authenticate to the account root user who has unrestricted access to all resources in your Alibaba Cloud account, including billing information.
```
